a web exclusive I'm between the curry I
was a member of parliament for 14 years
I was a minister in the Department of
Health I've written ten books including
bestselling novels and I'm a writer and
broadcaster if I was stuck in a lift I
think my choice would be Pamela
Stephenson the strikes me is by far the
most interesting person or round a
beautiful woman a wife mother and and
also a psychologist a person who's a
writer look forward to meeting her
perhaps at some stage great lady I can
tell you what my secret talent is not it
is not cooking I've done so many cookery
programmes and everybody thinks I can
cook actually the one that does the
cooking at home is my husband and he is
deeply envious at the time that I get on
TV doing stuff with celebrity chefs me I
just do as I'm told and maybe I'll take
the strain the same attitude to strictly
I will be a good girl and I will do as
I'm told and I'll do my very best that's
the way I've always been since I was a
small child the last music i downloaded
was Edith Piaf because I was playing her
in a program called stars in their eyes
I had to learn one of the song and I was
so terrible it was never broadcast